This is where that suspicious man lives...
I have to protect Fujimi!
Um... Takaoka Takaoka...
Hello!
You came to play too?
No, no...
What are you doing?
- Um, I'm here to help... - Brother Takafumi!
Hey, you're here.
Huh?
Hey, nice to see you.
Then, let's go to your room.
You had a really good dream the other day.
I caught a really nice girl the other day.
I took a video and uploaded it to the internet.
Oh, a cute girl?
But isn't that already enough?
Right?
I think it's about time I go to bed.
Fujimi...
Excuse me!
Oh, welcome!
Huh? Why is Sawa here?
Run! I'll take care of this, so you run!
What are you talking about?
These guys are scumbags who call women "women"!
I've only seen people like that in the comic books!
Sawa, you're reading something awful.
Is Mr. Oshi home?
He's out for a bit.
Huh?
Fish?
It's a gift from my grandmother.
Normally, it's eggplant or cucumber.
Hey, I hope he doesn't fly back.
Don't worry. I just raised a flag.
It's a spirit sign.
A flag? A spirit?
If anyone finds out about his secret, it'll be a yukurasukiora.
I know! If he gets yukurasukiora, it'll affect his personality!
I'm running away, Fushimi!
Huh?
Sawa?
The cult is definitely in danger!
W-W-Wait!
Hey, mister!
Huh?
I-I'm sorry, but don't involve Mr. Fushimiya!
A believer?
You're exaggerating.
Did you see it on the internet?
It's all lies.
It's safe.
That's not how SEGA works.
Geez!
It's the same way you talk when you're into the multi-player games.
YouTuber?
I see. I thought you were a cult.
What's that?
Mr. Takafumi is strange, but he's a good person.
But why is Fushimi here?
Well, that's...
Hey, Chippu-peppa!
It's an old man!
It's definitely popular. You can use it.
Oh, old man-jou is a great word.
But if a 35-year-old man does it...
I see.
-Fushimi. -Huh?
I want some coffee.
I'll go get it.
He's after Mr. Takafumi.
Then I have to check.
-Takafumi. -Huh?
Hey, wanna see a picture of me and Fushimi on a trip?
Okay, I got it.
Hey, it's close!
Let's sit down. Let's sit down for now.
(Fushimi)
What do you think?
If you're just staring at my chest, I'm a loser.
He's not eating my fingers!
Who's this guy?
I don't know.
A clerk?
Oh, I see.
Then what about this picture?
(Fushimi)
Why me?
Who's this guy?
What's that? You found me!
Hmm...
Takafumi, you were in elementary school?
What was Fushimi like in the past?
He was a bit cooler.
Well, he hasn't changed much.
I see.
He might've been like the current Chiaki.
Oh, that cute little brother?
We haven't seen each other for two years.
He's over there.
Then I'll take a video to commemorate you.
It's okay. I won't upload it online.
You're already taking it?
Yeah.
What are you doing, Sumi?
What?
(Fushimi)
What are you doing, Fushimi?
I know.
I'm not that uninterested in women.
That's my picture!
Takami?
You were talking about Fushimi when you were a kid.
Are you in high school?
Y-Yes.
Ikyurasu Erran.
Fushimi from elementary school was...
Huh? This is...
What's going on?
It fell!
Stop! Stop!
Oh.
Spirit of memory,
erase the past from the blind man's body.
Chiaki, run!
Huh?
Sumi, what was that?
Huh? In Sonny's room?
Sonny didn't make that.
I'm going to go to bed.
Mister...
Please don't try to erase your memory.
Sorry.
I remember being scolded for trying to erase my memory
in the other world.
Huh? When?
That was...
Oh, right. At the hot spring.
The hot spring...
The one you went to with Elph after you returned from the Demon Dragon?
Yeah.
What? What's the hot spring like in the other world?
Like, a service-related one?
I'll ask.
Let's see...
It doesn't seem to be there.
The spirit of memory optimizes the camera angle to suit the viewer.
It seems that baths are especially considered for privacy.
That's so advanced...
He's really a good listener.
Ikyuras Elrond.
Huh?
Elph?
Elphs are female, so there's no footage.
That's a long bath.
It's been a month, so it should be long.
About 20 minutes left?
Hurry up!
Oh, 20 minutes...
The yukata?
Why?
Huh? Why?
Well, it's not a rewind...
A rewind!
Either way is fine, so hurry up!
What was that?
The armor's removal is a great use of the magic of the magic of the
Elgar royal family.
Royal family, huh?
Yeah. You're changing your attitude now?
I like Garfie's Varga because the motion of Graviton Thunder and Zero Drive Illusion is
super
cool.
Not because I'm a royal family.
You're you.
Yeah.
The hot spring's far away.
We're almost there.
We're here.
This is it.
Japanese?
A inn?
Why?
You know the Japanese Bahamaru language?
As Mabel said, it's really an transfer.
Japanese Bahamaru...
The person who built this inn was a transfer from 20 years ago's Japanese Bahamaru.
What?!
There's a transfer from the ancestors of Uncle and Mabel?
Is he here?
Here?
He...
The person who was in Grand Bahamaru 20 years ago, just 10 days ago.
Murayama?
He's 88 years old this year.
I see.
"The Water of Purgatory"
You can really read it.
What does purgatory mean?
To put it simply, it's a world where you purify yourself before you go to that world after
you
die.
In other words, he recognized this world as such.
You knew about it, Grandpa!
Yeah, it's amazing!
Yeah, the 90s were full of difficult words.
I learned purgatory from the "The Evil King's Prologue to Purgatory."
"The Evil King's Prologue to Purgatory"?
Hello, there.
I'm Grandstone, the leader of the purgatory.
You seem to know a lot about Sendai.
Yeah, the transfer story is popular in the country, but...
It's a real shame that only one person, Shojiro, built this inn.
Oh...
I've heard rumors that he brought inn from Japan Bahamaru.
That's not true.
If a person from another world dies, the person who brought it will disappear.
When Sendai took his breath, his clothes and body disappeared right before his eyes.
Oh, the new truth!
It's the same as the record of the knights of the Toshin-ken.
It is said that the transfer from another world can be given one power from God.
That is, the ability to freely operate material from living things.
And he used the power of the knights to build this inn.
Old man, you're organizing items?
You're talking about something really important.
In action games, there are times when you can't skip a long demo part.
In the meantime, doing something else is engraved in your body.
That's why.
That's the story of the game.
An important event to know the mystery of the world.
Oak Gaon, let's go.
Are the three of you doing the hot springs alone?
We're doing it for work, Ms. Nukariya.
I wonder if Mr. Murayama treated her like this.
By the way, old man, you're a bit rough with older people in another world, right?
Oh, that's true. I'm also polite to young shopkeepers.
The legend is that it was recognized as a person.
I have a great feeling.
If you say it in a low posture, it was sold for three.
Then the inn will be 400,000 pieces for two people.
400,000 pieces? It's not stolen!
It's about 40,000 yen for a Japanese-yen coin.
There are also high-priced coins.
Oh, what?
Then the value of the coin when the old man was sold...
It's 30,000 yen.
1,000 yen?
It wasn't even a yen.
So here it is.
It felt good to take a bath.
Send it soon.
You're dressed nicely, Yukata.
Right?
The knight's flag 400 years ago had a kikata on it.
Oh, you had a good book.
It's called kimono, right?
But it's a little plain.
Oh, there.
I see. Then my room is...
Here, here. The room next door.
Why?
It's... it's only open here.
Really?
But it's not for us.
It's a trick to keep it away from other guests.
I don't like ideas, but I can't help it.
You don't like it, do you?
There's only one group of guests today, so I'll prepare another room.
Come on.
Let's go in.
The children...
You're not bothered by the noise anymore, Tsundere-san.
The futon is on the floor.
It's soya.
Tatami.
This is tatami, right?
It smells unique.
Do you miss it?
No. My room had a floor and a bed, so not that much.
Bye.
What's with this space?
What is this space?
It's a mystery space!
I can't believe you're in the same room.
I'll sleep here, so you can use it all.
Bye.
What?
I've been looking for him for a month.
What a fool.
Are you tired?
Hey!
Your legs are really tense.
I was looking for you. What's that?
It seems it'll help you massage after a bath.
I'm grateful to you.
If it weren't for your warm heart, I might not have been able to return from the dragon.
Ouch!
What?
Don't run away.
The pot hurts because you're tired.
It's my fault, so you have to loosen it.
Ready...
It feels good! It feels good!
That's enough!
You idiot!
What are you doing?
I'm the one who's going to...
This is bad!
I'm scared!
It's heavy. Hold me.
What?
A big face?
Stop!
Are you okay with going forward?
Isn't this bad?
There's nothing bad about it.
But...
Can you hear me?
The great spirit of memories.
Only the sage is here.
The correction criteria is "It's okay to be rough."
"You can run away in the morning."
I'm counting on you.
Fujimiya...
I'm going to revive you.
Regsurd Stagga.
Stagga Magnum.
What are you guys doing?
Alicia...
Alicia is going to go first and take a peek.
Wait! I just said I was curious.
A hero's first move?
The other group of guests were Alicia and the others?
Kuroki, I'm sorry.
Kuroki, huh?
I'm sorry!
I was wondering what kind of relationship you two have.
What kind of relationship do you think we have?
That's...
Let me see.
Oh, I see.
I'm in trouble.
So easy.
I'm glad. So easy.
A hero?
You?
Here. This is for defeating hedgehogs.
I see.
Check if it's enough.
No.
I don't like it!
It's okay to trust others like that.
But that sweetness will someday...
You're the ones I trusted.
Not others.
That's so cool!
Shut up, Madness Berserker.
Then you two are...
Hero, I won't tell you the details,
but this ring is a gift from that orc face.
She took it off!
She took off the most important part intentionally!
You didn't get the ring from him, did you?
What?
I-I wouldn't get it!
I'm not that considerate.
You two.
Have you been dating the hero for long?
Yeah, kind of.
So, who do you think will win the hero's heart?
Elf?
I guess you have to decide by a duel.
Wait.
What?
No.
I have the right to choose.
I knew it, but you're so mean!
Are childhood friends that weak?
So, what are you two doing in the mountains?
We're training.
We noticed that you're not good enough in the Dark Pond.
The Dark Pond?
Thank you for this.
The Old Pond?
But the legend says that the color of the picture is dark like the night.
I painted it.
How cute.
It's an ancient magic tool.
It's lost its magic.
That Moonlight Stone is nowhere to be found.
I want you to understand how important this is.
What are you training?
Huh?
It's a skill, of course.
You guys fight with the power of the spirit and the gods, right?
We use our physical abilities to refine our skills.
A special skill?
I want to see it.
It's a pain in the ass.
Please do something about it.
What are you talking about?
Ikyulys Erlan.
Here comes the Black-Eyed's magic.
Wow, something's coming out.
It's a fighting game.
What are you looking at?
This Saya!
Yeah, it was thrown away, so I used it as a laundry host.
Even if it's just a sword Saya.
This is it!
Where is that place?
The top of the northern mountain.
Huh? Are we going there now?
It's pretty far.
Hero.
Don't let them get in your way.
What?
Um, why are you here suddenly, Elf?
I found an ancient magic tool.
An ancient magic tool?
It's an ancient magic weapon.
Elves value ancient culture, so they collect it.
Hey, Black-Eyed, you're alone after all.
I'm fine with Elves.
Anyway, are there any monsters in this inn?
The owner of the inn said that it was built with the power of the gods.
Unless you can imitate it...
It smells like burning.
Elf's
The End